Remove `--with-style` in favour of mentioning ECS (#1713)
rectorphp/rector: README.md

...**look at overview of [all available Rectors](/docs/AllRectorsOverview.md)** with before/after diffs and configuration examples. You can use them to build your own sets.

## How to Apply Coding Standards?

> AST libraries that Rector use, doesn't work well with coding standards, so it's better to let coding standard tools do that. Your project doesn't have one? Consider usage of i.e. [EasyCodingStandard](https://github.com/Symplify/EasyCodingStandard), that covers namespaces import, 1 empty line between class elements & many more _boring_ stuff that cs-fixer tool should do for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AST libraries that Rector use, doesn't work well with coding standards, so it's better to let coding standard tools do that. Your project doesn't have one? Consider usage of i.e. [EasyCodingStandard](https://github.com/Symplify/EasyCodingStandard) or your custom set.
```

Reviewer: The list actually referects to local `ecs-after-rector.yaml` set, not the tool.
